Complete docs for DOMStringList (#22750)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/domstringlist/contains/index.md

---
title: DOMStringList.contains()
slug: Web/API/DOMStringList/contains
page-type: web-api-instance-method
browser-compat: api.DOMStringList.contains
---

{{APIRef("DOM")}}

> The **`contains()`** method returns boolean indicating if the given string is in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`contains()`** method returns a boolean indicating whether the given string is in the list.
```

## Syntax

```js-nolint
contains(string)
```

### Parameters

- `string`
  - : A string you want to check for the existence of in the list.

### Return value

> A boolean indicating if the given string is in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A boolean indicating whether the given string is in the list.
```
